### From the original author's website

> My name is Patrick Borgeat and I'm a computer musician, programmer and live visual performer from Karlsruhe. Almost everything I do starts with code, as almost all of my artwork is generated by software. In these cases the final animation, sound or image is the goal, not the program that created it. But of course I do non-art related programming as well.
>
> I put some of my source code up on GitHub – it’s open source, go mess with it!

### Formal license for the present version.

_This License is modified from [that of Lua](http://www.lua.org/license.html). If a copy of Lua is distributed with this Software, the terms of that License applies too._

> Copyright &copy; 2012&ndash; Patrick Borgeat.
>
> Copyright &copy; 2018&ndash; Dirk Laurie. 
> 
> EzSVG is free software distributed under the terms of the [MIT license](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html) reproduced below; it may be used for any purpose, including commercial purposes, at absolutely no cost without having to ask the authors mentioned in the copyright notice.
>
> The only requirement is that if you do use EzSVG, then you should give them credit by including the appropriate copyright notice somewhere in your product or its documentation.
>
> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: 
>
> The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.



